docs(client): working on new doc (#1861)
kadena-community/kadena.js: packages/libs/client/NEW_README.md

alternative to `addData` specifically for adding keysets.

```typescript
Pact.builder
  .execution(...codes)
  .addKeyset(name, pred, ...keys): IBuilder
```

| Parameter | Type                                        | Description                                                                  |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name      | string                                      | the name associated with the keyset                                          |
| pred      | "keys-all"\|"keys-2"\| "keys-any" \| string | one of the built-in predicate functions or a user-defined predicate function |
| ...keys   | ...string[]                                 | List of public keys in the keyset                                            |

#### Examples

Transfer create using `readKeyset` helper function

```typescript
Pact.builder
  .execution(
    Pact.modules.coin['transfer-create'](
      'alice',
      'bob',
      readKeyset('bob-guard'),
      { decimal: '1.1' },
    ),
  )
  .addKeyset('bob-guard', 'keys-all', 'bob-public-key');
```

> Transfer create as string code

Author: Yes its the same.
I wanted to show you can use simple string or use `Pact.modules`.

(or partially signed) txs.

```typescript
interface ISignFunction {
  (transaction: IUnsignedCommand): Promise<ICommand | IUnsignedCommand>;
  (
    transactionList: IUnsignedCommand[],
  ): Promise<Array<ICommand | IUnsignedCommand>>;
}
```

#### Single Transaction

| Parameter | Type             | Description     |
| --------- | ---------------- | --------------- |
| tx        | IUnsignedCommand | the transaction |

#### List of Transactions

| Parameter | Type               | Description                                |
| --------- | ------------------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| tsList    | IUnsignedCommand[] | list of the transactions need to be signed |

### Chainweaver

You can use `createSignWithChainweaver` to sign tx via Chainweaver. it's a
factory function that returns the actual sign function.

**note**: This function uses `quicksign` protocol.

```typescript
createSignWithChainweaver(options:{ host?: string }): ISignFunction
```

| Parameter | Type              | Description                                                           |
| --------- | ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | option    | { host?: string } | option including host URL default `{ host: 'http://127.0.0.1:9467' }` |

Author: yes, this option is for passing different host url than the default one. 
we wrote it as as object for more flexibility; if we want to add more options to it later.

```

### Submit Data to Blockchain

You can use the following functions to submit data to the blockchain. They all
use the `/send` endpoint:

- `submit`
- `send`
- `submitOne`

#### Client: submit

There are two overloads of the `submit` function:

- Submit one transaction:

```TS
const { submit } = createClient();

submit(tx): Promise<ITransactionDescriptor>;

interface ITransactionDescriptor {
  networkId: string;
  chainId: ChainId;
  requestKey: string
}

```

| Parameter | Type     | Description                        |
| --------- | -------- | ---------------------------------- |
| tx        | ICommand | The command object ready to submit |

- Submit a list of transactions:

```TS
const { submit } = createClient();

submit(txList): Promise<ITransactionDescriptor[]>;
```

| Parameter | Type       | Description                         |
| --------- | ---------- | ----------------------------------- |
| txList    | ICommand[] | The command objects ready to submit |

**Note**: In many cases, you'll need to store the result of this function to
fetch the result of the request.

#### Client: send

`send` is a deprecated alias for the `submit` function with the same interface.

> #### Client: submitOne

Author: Do you mean remove these lines? then don't we need documentation for Client: send and Client: submitOne

> `submitOne` is an alias for the first overload of the `submit` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `submitOne` function is the same as submitting one transaction using the `submit` function.
For example:
```
